# [FakeDetails Generator](https://thatsinewave.github.io/FakeDetails-Generator).

Welcome to FakeDetails Generator, a web application that generates random fake user details for various nationalities.
This project provides a simple interface to generate fake user details, including name, gender, email, username, password, date of birth, address, phone number, and more.
All the data generated by this application is entirely fictional and should not be used for any real purposes.

<div align="center">

## ☕ [Support my work on Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/thatsinewave)

</div>

## Features

- Random generation of fake user details.
- Ability to select a specific nationality for generating user details.
- Download generated details as a ZIP file containing an image and a text file with user details.

## Usage

1. Click on the "Generate Random Details" button to generate random fake user details.
2. Alternatively, you can click on the "Choose Nationality" button to select a specific nationality and generate user details for that nationality.
3. Once the details are generated, you can view them on the page.
4. You can download the generated details as a ZIP file by clicking on the "Download Details" button.

<div align="center">

# [Join my discord server](https://discord.gg/2nHHHBWNDw)

</div>

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
